So, now lets talk about Origin Access Control
with an S3 Bucket that is server-side encrypted
with KMS security.
So, the benefits of Origin Access Control,
which is the newest version of Origin Access Identity,
is that OAC supports SSE-KMS natively
because all the requests coming from OAC
are going to be signed using Sigv4
which is a security mechanism.
So, all we need to do is add a statement
to the KMS Key Policy to authorize its usage by the OAC.
So, you have the KMS Key
and you're going to edit the Key Policy,
and you're going to add a condition saying
that as long as the SourceARN is the ARN of your OAC,
your Origin Access Control,
then you will be able to do the decrypt encrypt
and generate there the key operations and therefore,
CloudFront can communicate with your S3 Bucket
that is enabled with SSE-KMS.
So, this looks very simple because, well,
if we were using Origin Access Identity
this would be much more difficult.
So, Origin Access Identity
does not support SSE-KMS natively,
it only supports SSE-S3, and this is why OAC got released.
And so, in the previous case we had to use Lambda@Edge
to actually sign requests from CloudFront to S3,
and also disable OAI for this to work.
So, what's the process?
Well, we have our users, and they access CloudFront,
then a Lambda@Edge is going to modify the origin request,
and it is going to actually sign this request
using the Sigv4 mechanism,
so that CloudFront can access your S3 Bucket
with the SSE-KMS security mechanism,
which is going to return the file,
and then send it back to the user.
Now this is an architecture you may find in the exam still,
but overall is going to be deprecated over time,
and the correct solution is to use an Origin Access Control
because we don't need to use any Lambda@Edge function
and everything is working as expected
with both SSE-S3 and SSE-KMS.
All right, that's it.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.